docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/golang.md

## How It Works

1. Renovate searches in each repository for any `go.mod` files

> 2. Renovate extracts existing dependencies from `require` statements
> 3. Renovate resolves the dependency's source repository and checks for SemVer tags if found. Otherwise, commits and `v0.0.0-....` syntax will be used
> 4. If Renovate finds an update, Renovate will update `go.mod` to the new value
> 5. Renovate runs `go get` to update the `go.sum` files (you can configure which directory are included using the `goGetDirs` option)
> 6. If the user has enabled the option `gomodUpdateImportPaths` in the [`postUpdateOptions`](./configuration-options.md#postupdateoptions) array, then Renovate uses [mod](https://github.com/marwan-at-work/mod) to update import paths on major updates, which can update any Go source file
> 7. If the user has any of the available `gomodTidy` options (e.g. `gomodTidy1.17`) in the [`postUpdateOptions`](./configuration-options.md#postupdateoptions), then Renovate runs `go mod tidy` with the respective options (multiple options are allowed).
> 8. `go mod vendor` is run if vendored modules are detected
> 9. A PR will be created with `go.mod`,`go.sum`, and any updated vendored files updated in the one commit
> 10. If the source repository has either a "changelog" file or uses GitHub releases, then Release Notes for each version will be embedded in the generated PR

Author: ```suggestion
1. Renovate extracts existing dependencies from `require` statements
1. Renovate resolves the dependency's source repository and checks for SemVer tags if found. Otherwise, commits and `v0.0.0-....` syntax will be used
1. If Renovate finds an update, Renovate will update `go.mod` to the new value
1. Renovate runs `go get` to update the `go.sum` files (you can configure which directory are included using the `goGetDirs` option)
1. If the user has enabled the option `gomodUpdateImportPaths` in the [`postUpdateOptions`](./configuration-options.md#postupdateoptions) array, then Renovate uses [mod](https://github.com/marwan-at-work/mod) to update import paths on major updates, which can update any Go source file
1. If the user has any of the available `gomodTidy` options (e.g. `gomodTidy1.17`) in the [`postUpdateOptions`](./configuration-options.md#postupdateoptions), then Renovate runs `go mod tidy` with the respective options (multiple options are allowed).
1. `go mod vendor` is run if vendored modules are detected
1. A PR will be created with `go.mod`,`go.sum`, and any updated vendored files updated in the one commit
1. If the source repository has either a "changelog" file or uses GitHub releases, then Release Notes for each version will be embedded in the generated PR
```

### Replace massaging

> Renovate can massage `replace` statements it finds prior to running `go` commands, and then massage them back afterward.

Author: I think in this case "afterwards" is British-English and "afterward" is American-English
